if you were to think of the new Sigma
120 to 300 millimeter F 2.8 exd G as a
super-sized version of our 70 to 200
millimeter F 2.8 lens that makes a lot
of sense and if you were to think of it
as a zoomable and optically stabilized
variation on the popular 300 millimeter
F 2.8 prime telephoto lens that also
makes a lot of sense key items in the
feature set include optical
stabilization fast constant 2.8 aperture
and a hypersonic motor for fast
autofocus all for a price that's
flat-out amazing and it comes with a
four year us warranty for sports
wildlife and news photographers this
lens has a lot to offer
designed specifically for full-frame
digital SLR cameras it can also be used
with smaller aps-c sized sensors where
it acts like a 180 millimeter to 450
millimeter zoom and this amazing zoom
lens is also a great match with the
Sigma teleconverters Sigma's optical
stabilizer allows you to shoot handheld
even in low-light situations and lets
you use shutter speeds approximately
four stops slower than normal without a
tripod the optical stabilizer also
offers a panning mode in addition to
full OS for maximum versatility with
moving subjects the hypersonic motor
gives you high speed autofocus
capabilities for tracking moving
subjects with full time manual override
FLD glass elements compensate for color
aberration comparable to fluoride
elements providing excellent color
correction and ultra high resolution
completely comparable to a fixed focal
length lens but with a substantial
savings in weight and cost the 120 to
300 millimeter F 2.8 exd G lens from
Sigma is a truly unique product it's got
the image quality of a prime 300
millimeter F 2.8 with the added
versatility of a zoom for even more
creativity and flexibility and for
sports and wildlife photographers this
all adds up to a seriously winning
combination
explore the possibilities with Sigma